OSDOCS-4706-v2 update Architecture section k8s APIs (#54029)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-openshift-apis.adoc

| xref:../microshift_rest_api/security_apis/securitycontextconstraints-security-openshift-io-v1.adoc#securitycontextconstraints-security-openshift-io-v1[SecurityContextConstraints]
| security.openshift.io/v1
|===

> When an unsupported API is used via the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`), an error message generates about a resource that cannot be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an unsupported API is used via the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`), an error message may be printed about a resource that cannot be found.
```

The failure mode described here is most common, so I added "may be". I changed the verb because it felt not-quite-right, but if that's the style used elsewhere just ignore me.

Author: Needs to be present-tense, but some other wording wasn't great. PTAL at the next pass.

> | xref:../microshift_rest_api/security_apis/securitycontextconstraints-security-openshift-io-v1.adoc#securitycontextconstraints-security-openshift-io-v1[SecurityContextConstraints]

Reviewer 2: I know this is out of scope of this PR, but I know we can't have xrefs in modules. So this might be something that needs to be fixed later

Reviewer 2: Opp edit: Just found this jira that covers this issue https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSDOCS-4710
so ignore this 😄

| security.openshift.io/v1
|===

> When you use the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`) to make a request call against an unsupported API, an error message can generate about a resource that cannot be found.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you use the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`) to make a request call against an unsupported API, an error message can be generated about a resource that cannot be found.
```
